Week 1 20/02/19 Group formed. Spent the lab time setting up Github group and
Trello. Decided to do project 1 because it was more clearly defined.
Specifically, chose to do a course support system which includes course admin
and course content.

Week 2 25/02/19 Had group meeting. Discussed available tools and technologies to
be used in the project. Lots of uncertainty because the lecturer hasn't given us
access to UNSW's Academic Information Management System. We do not know if we
can use it as a database or if we need to scrape data from it and create our own
database.

Will be creating web app using Flask for the server and simple HTML, CSS and JS
for client. This is because we are not experienced with web frameworks but we
are experienced with python.

Discussed what to include in the proposal and divided work. Wrote up basic
outline for epic user stories. I will be working on fleshing out epic user
stories and writing user stories.

Week 2 27/02/19 Asked questions about proposal to tutor. We were confused about
what needed to be included in the proposal because the specifications were very
vague but we were still not given clear direction. For example, "technical depth
of the project and its scale" is worth 50% of the proposal but there is no
information on what is to be included. This is really frustrating because what
is the point of doing the course if no one is going to teach us how to do a
project proposal and we have to learn how to write one ourselves?

Week 2 01/03/19 Had a 3 hour meeting to discuss progress on the project proposal
because there was new information given during the lecture. An example project
proposal was given to us which gave us a clearer idea of what direction to move
in. Hal researched Dialogflow since the last meeting and taught the rest of us
what he's learnt. Using this new information, we adjusted our framework to make
better use of Dialogflow. We switched from Flask to Node.js for the server
because at the moment it appears easier to use Dialogflow using Node.js.

I had already finished most of the user stories so we took a brief look through
it and discussed the scope of our project. For our front end our tutor wasn't
very pleased with us for wanting to make a web app, so we decided we'd start
with a simple web app and focus on the back end first. When the back end is
finished, we would then integrate other front end environments to our system
such as Facebook Messenger and Trello.